Hi, my name is mauricio and i am here today for the interview. Thank you very much.

1. Skills and qualities you have that are a must to the role you are applying for:

  I completed a technical degree in digital audio production and managed
  to get a job in the live music industry. After 5 years i realized  i wasn't cut out for that job
  and decided to move to a different field.

  I started studying electronic engineering and that led me to become
  interested in software development.

  I've had a great enthusiasm for technology since an early age. I've always loved computers
  and gadgets and enjoyed building them and taking them apart.

  I studied web development through online books and tutorials, then a friend of mine
  helped me to join the company where he works which is actually a startup company. And i
  started gaining experience in the IT world, and now i have more or less 2 years of experience
  and i feel really happy working in this area.



2. Talk about any experience or qualifications you possess that are relevant to the position

  When i joined the startup company I first worked in the support area, primarily solving tickets
  for an old platform. That required to make SQL queries, and applying direct modifications over a
  data base to fix wrong employer and employees data.

  I've experience using project management software (atlassian jira), i've worked on remote software
  installation (through a technology called boardgent),
  also i've experience on equipment inventory and equipment maintenance.

  Finally my team gave me an opportunity to to move as a ruby on rails software developer,
  so i took the chance and i get into rails guides, mvc approach, active records queries,
  active records relations.
  stimulus js, stimulus reflex, view components, css through tailwind framework,

  and that's it, we use basecamp and agile approach to work on different pitchs making our app
  more functional and easy to use.

3. Talk about any significant achievements you have gained in your work life or personal life so far.
4. Talk about the type of person you are and what you are going to do in the role if they hire you
